Version 2.6.2, xydrizzle (14-Jul-2006)
	- Internal references are now to 'xydrizzle'.
	- Rename readIDCtab in fileutil to "OBSOLETE_readIDCtab"
    	- Make __init__.py use matutil._readIDCtab()
 	- Make the convert() method write the coefficients as %16.8g
	- Make PyDrizzle method get values for filter1 and filter2, and
	   set them to the global values to use for the distortion model

Version 2.6.1  (11-Feb-2003)
          Change to readIDCtab() function to make it take the first row
          with the correct chip,direction combination (and then break).
          Previously, it would have continued to loop over the rows and
          taken the final row with this chip,direction combination.  This
          change necessary to ensure that it gets the CLEAR,CLEAR filter
          combination, rather than some coefficients appropriate for one
          of the polarizing filter combinations.

Version 2.6  (12-June-2002)
              - implemented internal changes to support separate output for
                each input, along with renaming 'shifts' dictionary in PyDrizzle
                to a more appropriate 'pars'.  This also corrects a bug in 2.5a
                with creating a final output from 'drizzle' with the same name
                as the desired combined final output. This version, however,
                will NOT actually create single outputs or run blot.
                In addition, 'buildmask' was modified to delete previously
                existing mask files it finds before re-creating them.

Version 2.5a (6-June-2002)
              - Corrected WFPC2 alignment problems by manually adjusting the
                refdata for WFPCObservation class to match output from
                'wmosaic'.


Version 2.5 (31-May-2002)
              - Fixed final problems with using optional SkyField parameters
                  such as RA/Dec and shape. Updated ObsGeometry.apply() to 
                  accurately reflect sub-array offsets now.

Version 2.3 (30-May-2002) 
              - Output size of product correctly predicted and product
                  WCS consistent with 'drizzle' product for rotated and 
                  default conditions. Now correctly works with sub-arrays.

Version 2.2a  - Revised to be consistent with new numpy syntax

Version 2.2   - Reworked use of WCS to compute accurate offsets between
                  observations from header.  Added 'undistortWCS' to create
                  linear CD directly from distortion without scaling.
                  Revised WCSObject to simplify updates of attributes and
                  formatted output on prints.
                  Includes new 'convert' method for working with IDCTABs
                  where NORDER > 3.

Version 2.1c  - Updated ORIENTAT in SCIHDR instead of PRIHDR

Version 2.1b  - Corrected namespace bug in wcsutil, and protected against
                  creating products with BSCALE and BZERO (in fileutil).

Version 2.1a  - Added separate interface to XYtoSky function in wcsutil.
                  Corrected slight bug in WCSObject.xy2rd() function.
                  Changed 'from - import *' to explicit 'import' calls.
                  Corrected logic problem in 'drutil.buildRootname'.
                  Created IRAF interface for 'xytosky' task.

Version 2.1   - Fixed bugs in use of numpy to perform XYtoSky on positions
                  or arrays of positions. Also, changed import calls to
                  numpy to be explicit rather than using from-import *.
                  This allows the built-in methods to be used interactively.

Version 2.0   - Reorganized and revised to use PyFITS V0.6.1 with numpy
                instead of FITS v0.4.2 with Numeric. Required modifying
                'Obsgeometry.apply' and 'calcNewEdges' to work with arrays
                instead of a single X,Y tuple. Reconfigured to support
                installation into STSDAS using Python-tree. Separated out
                WCS library into a separate callable library for use by
                other tasks as well.

Version 1.4b  - Corrected a problem for WFPC2 data, not to use DETECTOR
                  to try and access the groups.  Instead, use logical number.

Version 1.4a  - Fixed a bug in building parameters without a SkyField
                Automatically deletes previous product now.   

Version 1.4   - Updated Exposure class to understand subarrays and
                  offsets (based on LTV keywords)
                  Also, updated to rely solely on the version of 
                  'drizzle' in STSDAS (since it was updated to 
                  TDRIZZLE Version 2.6).
                  Applies corrections provided in ASN table as well.
                  Updates EXPTIME in 'drizzle' products.
                  Updates EXPSTART/EXPEND in Dither product.
                  Added 'build' parameter to '.run()', if set to 
                  'no', will not create multi-extension FITS product.

Version 1.3f  - Worked out bugs in IRAF interface function for 
                  SkyField parameters.
Version 1.3e  - SkyField object use for specifying output frame 
                  finally works as intended! 
Version 1.3d - Fixes bugs in the IRAF interface to include usage
                  of the SkyField object for user specified parameters
                  for the output frame. Also, updates ORIENTAT in 
                  primary header only in output DTH product.
Version 1.3c - Corrects total exptime in output MEF image
Version 1.3b - Fixes bugs in SkyField usage and in building the WCS for
                  PyDrizzle product objects.
              In addition, 'readIDCTable' was updated to accept tables
              with either 'A'/'B' or 'CX'/'CY' coefficients column names.

Version 1.3  - This version contains the final working interface for
              user-specified SkyField and it works with the EPAR interface.
Version 1.2  - First Version with ACS, WFPC2, and STIS support
               Can use cubic,Trauger, and IDCTAB files for STIS and WFPC2
               This version also overwrites any existing output file with 
               the new dither-product file.

Version 1.1  - Added WFPC2 support.
Version 1.0b - Revised to work with PyFITS 0.4.2.
Version 1.0a - Revised to work with CALACS.
Version 1.0 - IRAF enabled version with complete drizzle
              functionality.
Version 0.5 - Revised to combine drizzle output products
              into a single multi-extension FITS file.
              Has optional keyword to PyDrizzle.run() to
              control whether the separate drizzle products
              are saved or not (default: save=no).
Version 0.4 - Revised calculation of output size to account
              for shifts by drizzle coefficients. 
Version 0.3 - Added arbitrary user rotation, output pixel size,
              kernel choice to wrapper.  Also, added automatic
              use of 'tdrizzle' if available (defaults to 'drizzle'
              V1.41 in STSDAS) and some on-line help.
